everybody and I just come on and show
you one of my recent purchases and I
don't know if I can get far enough back
it's the candy and it's a grand comfort
and its own a tumble dryer
but it's the condenser dryer and I'm
really really impressed with it I've
only had it a couple of weeks and it's
not something that I'll use all the time
I don't dry my clothes all the time like
this I usually just use the dryer for
finishing off is it giving that better
view but I can show you what normally do
I've got one of these dryers and when
the washing comes up the washer I put it
on here and as you can see towels and
whatever I'll put it on there because my
heating is on all day and it just most
of its drying on there and then and I'll
finish it off in the dryer but the
programs on this is that solutely
brilliant I'm going to bend down sit
back ensure you get it in focus and
you've got seven different programs so
you've got a rapid wash not a wash a dry
but no crease a wool finish so that's
quite gentle and I am dry so that's a
little bit damp as it says I am dry
cupboard dry then you've got extra dry
and you've got perfect home I tried the
perfect home and disliked the dump the
extra dry is brilliant that actually
just dry them so here you have a start
button and a pause button so when you
switch it on
and then you have em synthetics acrylics
you have a little light here that tells
you when the drain should be 10 and
emptied and when your lint thing should
be entered but I'll be truthful I empty
burn after
each time I use it you've got delays of
three hours on focus six hours and nine
hours
and and it tells you on here underneath
you've got dry and end of cooling and
then the end so you can actually see how
where it is if it's got quite long way
to go just for that one lit if it's gone
to cool session that one of the little
mates finish that one will be lit and
then you have this part which is the
it's really not going to focus you've
got auto off and time so these numbers
here you're fair to these on here so I
would have that on too but if I want it
to time it I could still do that on
there it's a nine kilogram so it's quite
big it's got lovely lovely big and drum
really really nice and here is your
linked collector and that's so much
easier because that's what I add just
going on angle this way and it was
always a pain to get back in so this one
is straight in and straight out of again
then underneath you can see the door is
massive and then underneath here you
have a kick little them do this and here
you have what's called got denser which
isn't here and and it had you tells you
if what if a couple of months just to
sort out and then underneath you have
the draw which is your water and here is
where you would and empty it from it's
very very big you could live a long mile
but I would suggest to anybody that you
know you enter each time get in the
habit of it and this is not a
promotional video
this is just and my latest pictures that
I am really really really pleased about
and it's a sense of calm denser so that
means and it will stop when you're
washing is dry so you can actually put
your washing on while you're at and it
washes while you're out come back in put
it all in there and then go back out
again when you come back it will be dry
and you your washing machine what we're
going on then you dry what we're going
on forever and ever
my last one you had to manually do it so
this is quite a treat so yeah I thought
that would just um I'd show you I'll
show you the Hat thanks for watching and
please subscribe if you like this kind
of thing and I'll see you again in the
next one bye for now
you